# Intentions
### Why Am I starting this blog?
In my case, it's because I no longer trust my intuitions, I no longer trust my capacity to reason, I  no longer trust that my instinctual response to most arguments is on the right track. This wasn't always the case. In my last year of undergrad, I remember being struck with narcissistic levels of overconfidence after just reading "Thinking and Fast and Slow," despite an entire chapter dedicated to the fallibility. In my mind, I was intellectually enlightened - ready to engage any pour soul who dared challenge my argumentative maturity. It took a few years of humbling encounters with individuals much more capable than me to knock down my confidence, to show me where I truly stood as a rationalist. When I was faced with the reality that I was, at best, an untalented, below-average novice in this game of reasoning - I underwent a sort of existential crisis. I made the mistake of staking the majority of my identity in my intellectual ability. I was operating under the illusion that I was much smarter than I actually am - so when the foundation for my ego came tumbling down, I felt lost, hopeless, depressed. I had nothing left. I hadn't worked on any other aspect of my personality - I wasn't a kind friend, I wasn't a source of comedic relief for others, I didn't feel connected to family, so what did I have? This isn't that much of an exaggeration - I was truly kind of a shit-human-being. Of course, I didn't have this sort of self-awareness at the time that my ego was being actively demolished. As a result, my insecurity overshadowed the very rational-mindset I had been so proud of cultivating. My destructive thought patterns got the better of me - why do I deserve to live if I have nothing going for me despite 20+ years of living the easiest life imaginable?

It took me a while to recover from this mental breakdown. There are still remnants of these historical thought patterns that continue to occasionally plague me today. But I am in a much better place all around. In the process, I've been humbled. I've now internalized the realization that I have a long way to go to becoming the person I wish to be. I'll need to improve many aspects of myself - including my emotional maturity, my interpersonal skills, my capacity to think and reason. The point of this blog is to improve all of these things, but with a very special attention to my intellectual progress. Here is a chance for me to transform the loosely scattered jigsaw pieces of my mind into an organized final product. 

This is mostly a journey for myself. I intend to write for my own good, though I will always keep in the back of my mind the knowledge that these writings may one day enter the public sphere. Bear with me while I discover myself. 
